Hi, there are many of my acquaintances, Alex
bought an ipad with the main goal to shoot and
mount a full movie
directly on this tablet
See if you take ipad air, then there is
fully all for high-quality shooting
focusing triple zoom opportunity
1080p video recording and the most
main program for video processing
I will name the most popular al movie
pinnacle studio and a huge amount
other interesting applications for
video filming will not be able to boast to everyone
any professional camcorder but
know to make a movie with the bare iped of the abyss
Today it will work out anyway .
you need good lighting
microphone additional lenses
how to organize all this on ipad i
I'll tell you now remember January
apple promo movie called yours
the string of life was exactly in it
presented a stunning accessory
conducive to turning your ipad into
full-fledged video studio called this
miracle podcast hermine which is quite
recently gathered on the site kickstarter
enough funds and already
started spreading it successfully
complete set
originally developed for ipad
mini however with the help of metal
frame can be attached to it
and a full version tablet or
regular camcorder main element
Hermine's podcast is aluminum
frame with numerous threaded
holes in them can be made
things most used by operators
various lighting fixtures
professional flash microphones and
other in the frame insert your ipad air
or ipad mini
special casing is used for this
which absorbs vibrations and protects
tablet from damage through staples
in the area of ​​the lens ipad can be
attached external optics example
photographic lens afterwards
this whole structure can be installed on
any and tripods through the appropriate
holes in the bottom of the aluminum
frame
in the end we have a mini studio for
photo and video shooting for only 150
dollars of course to this value
need to add external microphones
good lighting and other chips without
which good shot you just don't have
I can remind you that if you have a camera
for filming will serve
The ipad mini is built into it
frontal his time and main camera
rear camera can do 5
megapixel photos and record
1080p video format
naturally available function
face recognition autofocus 5
lens lens and hybrid infrared filter
when shooting through the touch screen you can
control the focus and
exposure and if you choose ipad air then
there are completely similar parameters
What about the quality of shooting is nothing
different filling in terms of the camera but air
would be better able to cope with such a task
as a video editing because it is much
more screen resolution that will make
processing the roller is much more convenient and
more comfortable
with you was Oleg shoot down like
write your comments subscribe
on my twitter
join the VKontakte group and not
forget to subscribe to my youtube
channel for the following video reviews bye